Jewel Sunny

EDUCATION
Texas Woman’s University | Doctorate in Physical Therapy                                                                  Incomplete
Texas Woman’s University | Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology	                    January 2019- August 2021
Eastfield Community College                                                                                   August 2018- December 2018


WORK EXPERIENCE
Inpatient Rehabilitation Technician 
(40 hours/week)	November 2021- May 2022
Parkland Health | Dallas, TX
Collaborated with a rehabilitation team in assisting patients with activities of daily living (i.e., personal hygiene, eating and dressing), gait training, positioning, transfers, and exercises under the direct supervision of physical therapists and occupational therapists.  
Assisted with non-medical patient care support duties such as distributing water, snacks, and blankets.
Obtained equipment such as wheelchairs, transport chairs, walkers, sara stedy, and gait belts required for gait training and transfers.
Adhered to the established hospital and departmental policies and procedures, safety, environmental, and infection control standard
Inpatient Rehabilitation Technician 
(8-24 hours/week)	August 2021- October 2021
Texas Health Resources | Plano, TX
Collaborated with a rehabilitation team in assisting patients with activities of daily living (i.e., personal hygiene, eating and dressing), gait training, positioning, transfers, and exercises under the direct supervision of physical therapists and occupational therapists.  
Assisted with non-medical patient care support duties such as distributing water, snacks, and blankets.
Obtained equipment such as wheelchairs, transport chairs, walkers, sara stedy, and gait belts required for gait training and transfers.
Adhered to the established hospital and departmental policies and procedures, safety, environmental, and infection control standard


Inpatient and Outpatient Rehabilitation Technician
(18-24 hours/week)	August 2020- August 2021
Texas Health Resources | Denton, TX
Provided assistance to patients and visitors by obtaining a wheelchair or other services needed during the therapy appointment.
Demonstrated accurate operating techniques and a reasonable understanding of precautions when using hospital equipment and devices.
Ensured patients and visitors adhered to COVID-19 health safety measures of the hospital by conducting COVID-19 screening, temperature checks, and distributing masks. 
Assisted with administrative duties such as scheduling patients, checking patient charges, and taking payment Educated patients on the importance of gait post knee or hip replacement surgery while demonstrating the necessary exercises for complete recovery.

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

Physical Therapy Volunteer 	June 2020- July 2021
Rockwall Physical Therapy | Rockwall, TX
(40 hours)
Provided attentive services to patients by greeting and escorting them to and from the therapy area. 
Prepared the treatment area by acquiring the required equipment for therapy.
Supervised exercise programs as directed by the physical therapist.
Contributed to the day-to-day maintenance of rehabilitation equipment and space
EXTRACURRICULAR

Sunday School Teacher	August 2018- Present
St. Thomas Catholic Syro Malabar Church | Garland, TX
Developed lessons for children ages 5-11, using stories and games to teach students about the values and beliefs of a Christian
Coordinated dances, skits, and music programs related to Sunday school to be performed for the congregation during special events at church. 
 Supervised and guided children in completing assigned lessons and projects.

TWU Chhingaarii South Asian Fusion Dance Team 	January 2019- May 2019
Texas Woman’s University | Denton, TX
Assisted with Indian classical dance choreography for various sections of the dance routine.
Managed time effectively while attending six-hour practice sessions and being a full-time student.
Communicated constructive dance feedback to a wide range of personalities in preparation for competitions as a trained dancer and team member
Exhibited excellent teamwork and a strong work ethic by promoting new friendships among team members.


CERTIFICATIONS:

BLS Certification


ACHIEVEMENTS:

Graduated summa cum laude 
Cumulative GPA of 3.9/4.0
Received deans list: Spring 2019 to Spring 2021
Received chancellor’s list: Fall 2019 to Spring 2021

LANGUAGES:

Malayalam (proficient)
